Powers of 2 Table Image (Excell)
 

So Far: 

Attempt: Arrays: 75 [4]
Attempt: HashTables/Map: 45 [1]
Attempt: Dynamic Programming: 30 [0]
Attempt: Trees: 25 [0]
Attempt: Linked List: 15 [0]
Attempt: Recursion: 10 [0]




Optimism/Discord



Why Ethereum Foundation?
I love building projects that help make people's lives easier an I'm very
passionae about cryptocurrency which is why I believe I'll
be a great candidate for a position.


About myself:
 - over 3 years of Full-Stack Software Development experience
in Solidity, Java, JavaScript, AWS, and many other tools and programs

Weaknesses:  
Too nice.
 - In a past job I had a long time ago...
I was (problem-solution)
Strengths:  
Persistance in solving problems
 - During my coding bootcamp
In the Cryptodea project (problem-solution)

challenges: 
   During my apprenticeship
 - While building a light client for Consensys, 
it was difficult to bridge the IDE they were using to
the consensus layer, so in order to solve that issue, I had to use
a trial & error approach while using StackOverflow.

Mistakes/Failures: 
   While at my Start-up...
Overpromised and Underdelivered.
- Explain Startup (problem- learning experience
[Underpromise, and overdeliver on expectations]

Enjoyed: 
 - Building projects that solve problems for developers and users.

Leadership:
   During my coding bootcamp, 
 - I had to convince a few developers who I was in class with
to join me into building my Cryptocurrency project, so I resolved
that by showing them the prototype and in the end convinced them
to join my project. (problem-solution) 

Conflict/Disagreement:
   During my Apprenticeship at Ethereum
- Talk about disagreement about a major project I was starting, (problem-solution) 

Conflicts: 
   During my coding bootcamp, 
 - In the Cryptodea project (problem-solution)
 - There was a conflict with a developer whom I was leading who couldn't
solve a technical problem in time. So I had to step in and help him solve
the issue so we could complete the project within the proposed deadline.

Ambiguity: 
   During my Apprenticeship at Ethereum
- I was tasked to begin R&D on a new programming language (research & dev)
Solution, project was closed due to (explain)





